and aljazera spoke to a 13-year-old
displaced Palestinian her name is Nadin
abdulatif and she says she's been
traumatized by being repeatedly forced
to flee the fighting she spoke to our
correspondent Tark Abu aom in darl
Bala first of all my name is Nadine I'm
13 years old and I was a i a refugee
from many places not only from Raa from
many places from Gaza to an TOA we have
been more traumatized from this
experience my experience from was
absolutely terrifying first of all it
was let's not forget the fact that it
was expensive to find a car and was hard
to find a car and we can't even we
couldn't even put all of our stuff we
had to leave stuff in ra from that it
was absolutely terrifying and the fact
that um we had to go in two groups two
different cars and two different times
it was absolutely terrifying because we
left people behind and we were terrified
for them where where are they going to
go how are they going to get out those
are questions that came in my head we
were stuffed in that car and when I tell
you stuffed stuffs on our laps people on
on top of each other we had at least 10
people in one car with all of our stuff
too it was absolutely terrifying and I
never want to experience that no child
should experience that no child should
see that or even view that it is
absolutely terrifying these children do
not deserve to live like this as a
Palestinian girl how do you see now your
future in light of the unrelenting
circle of Destruction and with the
ongoing military offensive only the
territory if this keeps going on they're
going to keep killing their future and
you know what their future is is our
children it's us we're the W's future
every child is the W's future and you're
killing millions and yet thousands of
children you're killing your future
you're destroying your future you're
destroying your life these children
don't deserve this I do not see a future
in Palestine if this keeps going on and
this indeed and yes indeed has to stop
we have asked so many times for a
ceasefire yet again the the odd one out
the occupation comes out and says it is
not your right you should die you should
be killed I it's it's not fair it's not
fair since when was it a law to not like
not like the fact that you're not you're
killing children since when was that a
law since when was that existent where
where are the papers that were signed
from all of those countries about
children rights about human rights where
did those go again I do not see any kind
of future here in Gaza if this keeps
going on and I do not see any process
nor future around the world let me tell
you they're not going to stop in ra if
they're not sto they're going to
continue and go around old Gaza once
again so many times if they don't stop
them make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al